# README



## Importance

In the original method of randomly generating countries, currencies, capitals and some other information, there is no way to guarantee that the generated data can correspond to each other. That is, generate the country name of country A, but generate the capital of another country.

Therefore, I modified part of the code so that the country information generated by the new method, such as the Country Code, Currency, Capital, and Currency Code, can all point to the same country.



## Modified Files

1. `country.yml`
2. `Country.java`



## Implement

The organization structure of the information in the country file was optimized, which was originally composed of 5 arrays.

After modification, 5 arrays were changed into 1 array. Each element consists of six pieces of information, which are 2-bit code, 3-bit code, country name, capital, currency, currency code. They are divided by "/".

The String List `countryTotal` is added to the `Country.java` file and is initialized in the `Country()` constructor with the newly added `getCountryTotal()` method. The length of  `countryTotal` is 6, and the elements of this list are 2-bit code, 3-bit code, country name, capital, currency, currency code of a country.

Then the method `countryCode2()`, `countryCode3()`, `name()`, `capital()`, `currency()`, `currencyCode()`, returns the 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6th element in the list, corresponding to 2-bit code, 3-bit code, country name, capital, currency, currency code of a same country, respectively.



## Run Checkstyle, FindBugs, and PMD

